created new pages for v10 for the api docs. (#4087)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Backoffice-UI-API-Documentation/index-v10.md

---
versionFrom: 10.0.0
---

# Backoffice UI API Documentation

A library of API Reference documentation is auto-generated from the comments within the Umbraco Source Code.

## [Backoffice UI](https://apidocs.umbraco.com/v10/ui)

> Angular, JavaScript, CSS & Less UI API references for building Umbraco backoffice components. Note that V9 is using minified versions of the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular, JavaScript, CSS & Less UI API references for building Umbraco backoffice components. V10 is using minified versions of the following files:
```

- The umbraco.directives
- The umbraco.services
- The umbraco.resources

> __Note: opens a documentation browser that is different from the documentation section you're viewing now.__

Reviewer: :::note
Opens a documentation browser that is different from the documentation section you're viewing now.
:::

## [UI Examples](https://our.umbraco.com/packages/developer-tools/ui-examples/)
There is a package available called 'UI Examples'. This package adds a new 'UI Examples' section to your Umbraco instance with working examples of how to customise the backoffice. 

> __Note: opens a documentation browser that is different from the documentation section you're viewing now.__

Reviewer: :::note
Opens a documentation browser that is different from the documentation section you're viewing now.
:::
